/* this is the answer for the chapter 11 review.*/
/* the text book is "programming - principle and practice using c++ -" by bjarne stroustrup "*/
/* i am a student. if you find any errors, please contact me! */

1.Why is I/O tricky for a programmer?
A.because people care a lot of apparently awkward details, and our programs exist to serve humans.

2.What does the notation << hex do?
A.tha floating format is sticks until using general

3.What are hexadecimal numbers used for in computer science? why?
A.hexadecimal is popular for outputting hardware-related in formation. the reason is that hexadecimal digit exactly represents a 4-bit value.

4.Name some of the options you may want to implement for formatting integer output.
A.general, scientific,fixed

5.What is a manipulator?
A.terms used to change the behavior of a stream are called manipulator.

6.what is the prefix for decimal? for octal? for hexadecimal?
A.none for dec. 0 for oct. 0x for hex.

7.what is the default output format for floating-point values?
A.decimal

8.What is a field?
A.the equivalent machanism for integer values is called fields.

9.explain what setprecision() and setw() do.
A.setprecision(): set the decimal precision to be used by output prerations. setw(): set the number of character to be used as the field width.

10.What is the purpose of file open modes?
A.deal with various situation.

11.which of the following manipulators does not "stick" ?: hex, scientific, setprecision(), showbase, setw?
A.setw

12.what is the difference between character I/O and binary I/O?
A.character representation is variable sized. binary representation is fixed sized. if we chose the binary, often more compact. but we give up our usual >> and << operators.

13.give an examples of when it would probably be beneficial to use a binary file insted of text file.
A.when we use a photograph or a piece of music. it is basically just a bag of bit.

14.give two examples where a stringstream can be useful.
A.it is useful for extracting numeric values from a string. of it is useful to filter undesirable characters out of our input.

15.what is a file position?
A.the place to select a specific place in a file for reading or writing.

16.what happens if you position a file position beyond the end of file?
A.there is next to no runtime error checking. it is undefined what happens.

17.when would you prefer line oriented input to type-specific input?
A.when we want to read the whole line. or when the definition of whitespace is not appropriate.

18.what does isalnum(c) do?
A.is 'c' a letter or a decimal digit?
